[Docs] Updating helm README file for issue #1545 (#1792)
chainguard-images/images: images/helm/README.md

---
<!--monopod:end-->

Minimalist Wolfi-based helm images for deploying helm applications to a kubernetes cluster. Includes `dev` variant. **EXPERIMENTAL**

- [Documentation](https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/helm)
- [Provenance Information](https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/helm/provenance_info/)

## Image Variants

Our `latest` tags use the most recent build of the [Wolfi helm](https://github.com/wolfi-dev/os/blob/main/helm.yaml) package. The following tagged variants are available without authentication:

> - `latest`: This is a distroless image for running helm to install packages to a kubernetes cluster. It does not include Composer or busybox, so no shell will be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `latest`: This is a distroless image for running helm to install packages to a kubernetes cluster. It does not include `apk-tools` or `bash`, so no shell will be available.
```

> - `latest-dev`: This is a development / builder image that includes Composer, apk-tools, and busybox. This variant allows you to customize your final image with additional Wolfi packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `latest-dev`: This is a development / builder image that includes `bash`, `apk-tools`, and `busybox`. This variant allows you to customize your final image with additional Wolfi packages.
```
